README.md, before:

# dacoder101: just another programmer

**Hello!** I'm surprised you found your way to my GitHub profile! I'm Bobby, a semi-experienced programmer and computer hobbyist who enjoys gaming, music, electronics, and coding. I use Windows 11 as my daily driver, especially for gaming, but I use Arch Linux for programming with Visual Studio Code, and I also have Kali Linux on my machine.

## Experience/Projects

I've been coding for a little under four years. I first started learning website creation with JavaScript, HTML, and some CSS and was able to develop some simple projects in my free time. Today, I've come to be experienced with some basic web development, a fair amount of Python (my preferred scripting language), and a little bit of Java and C++.

Some of my more notable projects include **[rickin](https://github.com/dacoder101/rickin)** (one of my first complete HTML projects), **[hierarchy-creator](https://github.com/dacoder101/hierarchy-creator)** (a hierarchical python CLI editor), and some other half-created projects I am currently working on.

You can read more about my projects **[here](https://github.com/dacoder101/dacoder101/blob/main/PROJECTS.md)**.

## Future Goals

Some of my future programming goals include,

* Creating an about-me website
* Creating a functional chat application, similar to Discord
* Finishing my 8-bit CPU on a breadboard, designing a GPU, and creating a basic OS
* Completing the Lox interpreter from Crafting Interpreters
* Perfect my Arch Linux rice
* Learning ethical hacking

## Stats

![Profile Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=dacoder101&show_icons=true&theme=merko)
![Most Used Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dacoder101&theme=merko&layout=compact)
![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=dacoder101&theme=merko)

Commit message:

Change python project
Change python project

README.md, after:

# dacoder101: just another programmer

**Hello!** I'm surprised you found your way to my GitHub profile! I'm Bobby, a semi-experienced programmer and computer hobbyist who enjoys gaming, music, electronics, and coding. I use Windows 11 as my daily driver, especially for gaming, but I use Arch Linux for programming with Visual Studio Code, and I also have Kali Linux on my machine.

## Experience/Projects

I've been coding for a little under four years. I first started learning website creation with JavaScript, HTML, and some CSS and was able to develop some simple projects in my free time. Today, I've come to be experienced with some basic web development, a fair amount of Python (my preferred scripting language), and a little bit of Java and C++.

Some of my more notable projects include **[rickin](https://github.com/dacoder101/rickin)** (one of my first complete HTML projects), **[math-game-bot](https://github.com/dacoder101/math-game-bot)** (a Discord bot with an interpreter, revolved around a math game), and some other half-created projects I am currently working on.

You can read more about my projects **[here](https://github.com/dacoder101/dacoder101/blob/main/PROJECTS.md)**.

## Future Goals

Some of my future programming goals include,

* Creating an about-me website
* Creating a functional chat application, similar to Discord
* Finishing my 8-bit CPU on a breadboard, designing a GPU, and creating a basic OS
* Completing the Lox interpreter from Crafting Interpreters
* Perfect my Arch Linux rice
* Learning ethical hacking

## Stats

![Profile Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=dacoder101&show_icons=true&theme=merko)
![Most Used Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dacoder101&theme=merko&layout=compact)
![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=dacoder101&theme=merko)
